That’s it, I’ve had enough, just can’t stand this anymore

Guys can you sort this dogs dinner of a PC in distribution for me

I came in bright and breezy this morning and switched the offending, antiquated box on – whilst waiting for windows to start loading I packed a couple of despatch items and then turned to look at the screen to be met with the usual message “windows is updating 10%” message

Knowing how slow this computer is I sat back and pondered my life and then began to think about the complexities of space and time. It wasn’t until I had nearly calculated the gravitational pull on an object circulating a wormhole in an elliptical orbit that the message on the screen finally changed.

Much to my distress and consternation however I was met with a new never seen before message “”we couldn’t complete the updates – Undoing changes”. Now given the length of time it took to try and update I realised I could serve my time better by having a cup of tea, so off to the 1st floor for a fresh brew, on returning as expected the message had not changed, we were still undoing – in someways this reversal did make me feel somewhat like Benjamin Button as he actually got younger as time went by in a tortuously long film akin to the length of time this archaic black box was taking so I decided I would need to shorten my miserable existence on this lonely planet by having a smoke. Now I’m not the fastest smoker of a cigarette in the world and indeed on this occasion I felt no pressure to hurry but even so on my return seeing the same message did crush my dreams and hopes of an early finish for the weekend. I sat down in front of the screen again and hoped, even prayed for a new message or some kind a computer action. My dreams were met shortly afterwards when said PC came up with the reboot message. Enlivened by this I sat up straight expecting to dive back into work with gusto. Unfortunately I received a virtual kick in the nether regions from my black boxed nemesis as it gave me an all too familiar message “we couldn’t complete the updates- Undoing changes” My life swam around me, memories of the past came flooding back as I relived my time on this earth, the good, the bad, the ugly in a kaleidoscope of images, I summoned my last will of hope and strained every sinew in my body and started to bang my head against the keyboard again and again and again and… well you get the picture. Eventually as we all know, hope springs eternal and some 45 minutes after 1st attempting to do my duty the sign on screen finally appeared, with some trepidation I entered the password and after a further 5 minutes knobs, buttons keys and the mouse sprang into life. My work was done I thought and then I quickly realised it hadn’t even begun yet which hurt, hurt more than you can ever imagine.

Anyway I’m now over this harrowing part of my life, things are back on track however it’s an experience I’d rather not repeat again so can I implore you all to remove this offending box and replace it with something more youthful and exuberant, much like my former self.

Kind regards

Dave
