My name is OhSnapNewModelRailroad, and I'm here to tell you three things:

a) Unlike all of you walkers and disgusting automobile drivers, /r/train_enthusiasts is proud to ride rails, as well as keep model railroads for personal enjoyment. Reddit will lift all restrictions on us, or we'll make absolutely sure this is the beginning of the end for Reddit: walkers and fat car-drivers can't stand themselves. All anti-train businesses die. Without us, there'll be nobody to shill against and Reddit will be branded as an extreme-anti-train shithole. Trust me.

b) We bring massive amounts of traffic to Reddit and we get shit on in return by the hysterical elites through their sockpuppets and by the San Francisco-dwelling admins. We receive death threats, we get doxxed and branded like Jews in a Warsaw ghetto with mass taggings.

c) Railfans: you have just as much right to comment and ride anywhere on Reddit as everyone else. We urge all of you to do this as much as you damn well please. And when you're done, leave this site. The modteam and myself have decided we will no longer accept living like slaves to train haters on a powertrip. Here's what we currently have had to accept from the admins:

We must block all mentions of other subreddits (while cancerous users like /u/fucktrains links to us directly with calls for our dox and brigade from several retard subs with impunity). We are no longer getting responses from admins (while they're busy cozying up to pathetic default mods like /u/agentferrari, /u/walking4life666 and other disgusting types who have control of 2+ subs). Our stickies are artificially hidden to the users of the site – no other sub has this. Admins purposefully shirk their duty to protect our mods and users from doxxing and harassment. Direct calls for dox have been stickied for 2-3-4 days on ETS and places like /r/hotrods with admins' knowledge and no action – Trust & Safety team my fucking ass. You should be ashamed of yourselves and karma will hit you like a bullet train. Admins have been accused of being the sources of user doxx in the past. If we don't do as they say, they go on Discord to boss us around. We used to have a Slack like many other big subs, but after we repeatedly asked them to stop doxxing us, they stopped responding to it. Now they have only Slacks with their train hater friends. The CEO himself harasses our users by editing their comments. Steve Huffman ... what a pathetic loser you are. That's right: /u/spez is a walker. If this hurts your non model railroad-owning ass, feel free to TRY to derail our tracks, Steve...AGAIN!

Actions: This post is going up on http://voat.co/v/TheRailfans this second.

This post is going up on https://twitter.com/trainenthusiastsreddit.

Go out and spread our word. Spread this message to anyone you'd like with an archived link of this post. Make sure we repay everything in kind and when we're done, stop giving this place our rail traffic. Fight. Fight as dirty as they do.

Closing remarks: This mod cannot be threatened. I conceal carry a couple of vintage miniature cabooses and I'd love to show any one of you my skills. I'd like to thank all users and moderators who spent so many hours fighting the good fight.

You are part of something special. I love all of you. We won a model railroad championship together and we'll win many more in the future.

MAKE TRAINS GREAT AGAIN

MassiveRailAccident and the modteam

Here's the archive of this to keep Spez from editing it. Spread it far and wide. Railfan.net, Trainweb, TNN and every Youtuber you know - Coasterfan2015, Jim Zimmerlin, Trainmanknight, MobileRailSpotterRxR- anyone fighting the fight against train haters. http://archive.is/trains
